1.0

Many new changes, and much more polished - so we're calling this our 1.0
release.  The most interesting new feature is bluetooth support using the
linux bluez library.  This required a bit of code restructure, but we think
the result is pretty nice.


0.5

This release fixes a bug in --half-close and added a couple of new options:

1) --exec : for setting a command to be executed
2) --continuous : for continuously acception connections to be handled by --exec


0.4

This release fixes a couple of bugs (parsing of --no-reuseaddr option and a 
weird bug in the readwrite function that could generate an endless loop) 
and introduces the new features:

1) idle timeouts
2) --sndbuf-size and --rcvbuf-size options for setting SO_RCVBUF and
   SO_SNDBUF respectively


0.3

This release introduces many new interesting features:

1) accept/connect timeouts 
2) hold timeouts
3) recv-only and send-only modes
4) half-close mode
5) high flexibility of use
6) i18n support
7) enhanced UDP support

For an in-depth description of these new features, please consult the man page.

From this release nc6 uses, if present, the AI_ADDRCONFIG flag of getaddrinfo 
for the connect mode. This changes the stupid use-IPv6-by-default behaviour 
that is harmful if your system supports IPv6 but you don't have an IPv6 address 
configured on your machine.

Now file transfer mode works also with UDP. The configuration process and the 
whole architecture of nc6 have been greatly improved.


0.2pre3

This release introduces an interesting mode for file transfers in TCP and 
features many other minor enhancements in the code.


0.2pre2

This release finally introduces a good UDP support. Now netcat6 should 
also compile without problems on glibc 2.1 systems. The man page has also
been updated.


0.2pre1

This release introduces many bugfixes and some new features. Now netcat6 
makes use of GNU autoconf/automake to automate the configuration and 
build process.


0.1

This is a simple rewrite of netcat with advanced handling of internal
buffers. It supports only TCP.


					    Chris Leishman
					    <chris _at_ leishman.org>
					    Mauro Tortonesi
					    <mauro _at_ deepspace6.net>
